Image widget PR as breaking (#6125)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

The documentation has been updated as well to reflect this change.

> ### New image widget component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New image upload widget component
```

> The Image Block edit component had the image upload widget component integrated in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously the image upload widget component was integrated into the image block edit component.
```

> Now the component has been extracted to its own component for reusability in other blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the image upload widget component is its own component, and you can reuse it in other blocks.
```

> If you shadowed the Image Block edit component, make sure it continues working as intended or update it to use the new image widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you shadow the image block edit component, make sure it continues to work as you expect, or update it to use the new image upload widget component.
```

> The user experience of the image upload has changed too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The new image upload widget component's user experience also changed.
```

> It has been simplified and the URL form is now behind a button, so it's better suited for small screens and potential small containers like when the widget has to be in the grid block elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input field is now a row of buttons.
The input field's placeholder text was moved above the buttons.
Together these changes improve usability both on small screens and in small containers, such as when the widget is in grid block elements.
```
